# Maven_toys
Analysis to understand profitability, seasonal trends and sales of Maven stores in Mexico

# Business case
Mexico Toy Sales
Sales & inventory data for a fictitious chain of toy stores in Mexico called Maven Toys, including information about products, stores, daily sales transactions, and current inventory levels at each location.

Recommended Analysis

Which product categories drive the biggest profits? Is this the same across store locations?
Can you find any seasonal trends or patterns in the sales data?
Are sales being lost with out-of-stock products at certain locations?
How much money is tied up in inventory at the toy stores? How long will it last?


# Result

The result of the analysis is summarized below:

There are 50 maven toy stores spread across Mexico with 35 different types of products being sold. The highest number of stores can be found in Downtown.

The total sum of  $14.44 million was made from sales by the Maven toy store across all location in Mexico which generated a revenue of  $4.01milion and with over $300 thousand tied up in inventory.

A total unit of 1,090,565 toys across all product categories has been sold with 29742 in stock.

The Toys product category generated the highest profit while Sports and outdoors generated the least. This can be seen across all store locations with Airport being an exception.

The highest profit was generated in May and June with approximately 56% of the total profit generated by the toy stores coming Downtown.

The top 5 products by profit generated include; Colorbuds, Deck of cards, Leggo bricks, Action figure and Glass marble. All of which belongs to the Toys, Electronics and Games product category.

